welcome to sam's business growth show
i'm sam dunning a digital marketing
sales and business growth evangelist
tune in and subscribe today as i'll be
interviewing business leaders
experts and entrepreneurs from around
the globe you'll be learning their story
how digital marketing has helped them
along the way and exclusive tips
insights to help you skyrocket your own
business
[Music]
and welcome back to sam's business
growth show i'm delighted today to be
joined by
our subject art works with thousands of
sales reps each and every year
helping to get more business through the
phone his mission
is to eliminate the fear failure and
rejection from cold calling
since 1983 he's built out his reputation
by providing common sense
no gimmicky non-salesy methods for how
to use the phone
to prospect persuade and sell he's also
the author of the classic book
in the field called smart calling now on
its third edition
ah a very warm welcome sir how are you
doing thank you so much for having me on
and i'm thinking oh my gosh 1983
i i started when i was 10.
nobody's buying that are they
a lot wiser and smarter than me are that
that's that's what it sounds like
thank you so much for having me on it's
a pleasure looking forward to this
yes likewise man likewise so yeah
there's plenty of stuff we want to cover
today up
so i think we're going to be taking the
focus on is selling really just a
numbers game
and um giving the audience everyone
tuning in today some tips in terms of
how they can prospect with what's going
on um what's been happening
around the world in the last few months
um how everyone can utilize smart
calling
and some of your recommended um
marketing channels both online
and offline but before we get into that
juicy stuff up
and for anyone that doesn't know art sub
chat perhaps you could give us a quick
five minute snapshot of your story
um how you got into sales how you got
into business and perhaps a lesson or
two learnt along the way
wow how many hours do we have here
how do i get into sales well you know
what everybody is a born salesperson
right because all kids are great sales
people some people just choose to not
make it their career
but what what happened with me is that
my very first paid sales job
was when i was 13 years old and i would
take the bus into downtown omaha with a
buddy
and we actually had a job working in
what would be called a boiler room
where we were calling people to sell
tickets
to the policeman's fundraiser circus and
in retrospect i think that was a scam
because i'm not even sure there was a
circus
but what happened was after that i
realized that
i could i could sit inside on the phone
and talk
and make money making a lot more money
than my buddies who were doing manual
labor
and it just seemed that i had a knack
for that over the years in high school
and college and as
it would turn out my very first job
right out of college had a number of
offers
even though i wanted to start my own
business i thought i probably should go
and get a
real job make some money and see what
the corporate world was like so i took a
job with the
old att in the us here
and as luck would have it it was in
sales using the phone
but from the very first day i'm trying
to figure out
how can i do this on my own because i
was an entrepreneur at heart
and always trying to figure out what can
i do what can i do on my own
and i actually left after about a year
and started a consulting and training
firm with a
partner and they had some bumps along
the way
and actually took a couple of other
corporate
uh sales jobs while i still had my
business going because of course money
wasn't coming in at the rate that i
wanted
and uh finally after a couple years of
doing that and
uh hating to work for somebody else i
decided we've got to do this only and
full time
and uh did it so just went out and
continued to focus on the the training
and the content creation part of this
business and
that's what it is today so for over 30
plus years i've been helping
sales pros say the right things to
get more yeses using the phone as their
main method of communication and it's
kind of interesting again i've been
doing this for over 30 years
and today everybody has to do it so
in in my business it's i mean
unfortunately because of the
circumstances but
i mean people are coming out of the
woodwork saying we've been neglecting
the phone
for a long time and now we have to do it
so
how can we do it more effectively so
true man
and uh it's interesting that you
mentioned that he started out on a
boiler room because i was much the same
actually apart from one of my first
roles
i i was selling ink cartridges over the
phone and then worked for a marketing
company
richie was almost like a boiler room we
were in a really small
we're actually in someone's loft
conversion and there's just a few of us
hammering the phones all day so
it takes you back to five or six years
ago which uh it was good times
but you learn fast in those kind of
environments right it's great experience
isn't it
you you certainly become insensitive to
the nose
that's true that's true cool so selling
is it really just a numbers game that's
that's a topic i wanna i wanna start
with uh because there's so many
um people that you hear in business in
marketing and they say look if we get
enough leads then we're going to make
the sales if we do enough dials
we're going to we're going to win this
many deals so you often hear that
some people are saying yes it's a
numbers game or others are saying
no if you you've got to do x y and z
plus the dials and
and what's your stance on that well
here's my stance on that if i took a
two-headed coin
and i flipped it a hundred times am i
any closer
to a tail on the 101st flip no i'm not
because i'm not doing the right thing to
get the result
that i'm looking for so if somebody just
says it's just a numbers game
essentially what they're saying is put
in the activity and if you
put in enough activity you're going to
bump into some success
and for me that's not a great strategy
okay
because if i want to get a result
i should be putting in the quality
activity
following a proven process to get the
result
that i'm looking for so managers
sales managers who manage by dashboard
which means that they're just simply
looking at the numbers and if the
numbers aren't where they want them to
be as far as results they say
let's just make more calls that is
that that's lunacy right because we got
to look at
what are we doing in order to get the
results that we're getting right now and
how can we tweak that
so that normally means we need to put in
better quality calls now
make no bones about it we still need to
put in the activity
and the thing is with activity is that
high levels of activity and quality are
not mutually
exclusive because there's always
arguments of oh
you you just make the calls don't waste
your time doing research because you got
to be talking to people
well here's the thing if we're on the
phone
especially today i mean how many
attempts does it take us
to actually reach a person well i mean
the numbers vary and again especially
today they're much higher
we're not having to do all of our
research before every single call
because we can do the bulk of our
research once we put it in our notes
then we
remind ourselves of that on each
subsequent
attempt but again it's not just a
numbers game
it's a game of numbers because we use
numbers to measure
activity and results but sales
done professionally is most definitely a
quality game fair play and
uh what would you distinguish the
difference between
just um putting in the activity as in a
standard call
and what would you define as a quality
call in this case
well we we like to call it a smart call
and a smart call is when we know
something about
the person the organization and
the situation and the environment that
they're living in
so that we can tailor and customize
our message to make it relevant
that would be a smart quality call
somebody who's just putting in the
numbers is
going through a list calling people
saying the same thing
to everybody giving them the same pitch
irrespective of them and what's going on
in their world
and i don't know about you but i get
these calls all the time
and i actually i like getting these
calls because it gives me great material
and i record them and i use them in
training
but in some cases i just have to shake
my head and i'm thinking
why in the world would you be calling me
for this
and obviously you don't know anything
about me
and when people do this i'm thinking
what what is causing them to do this and
in some cases it's a manager saying just
make more calls give me more phone time
and in other cases i mean i feel sorry
for the people because they've heard
this myth of it's just a numbers game
and i know i need to prospect so
i'm going to go find a script that was
created by somebody that
isn't even in my industry and i'm going
to say these goofy things and then they
get their teeth kicked in
and we've yeah we've i think we've all
been there as well especially if we're
in sales where we run our own business
trying to prospect and trying to reach
out to new customers
so what can we actually do what tips can
you give us uh
to turn just this bog standard cold call
off the list
into something that's smart something
that's a bit heated up and a bit warmer
yeah well let me just give you a
definition of what a smart call is and
again
it is gathering some sales intelligence
about
an individual their company and very
importantly
any type of trigger event or an
environment or situation that's going on
with them that's going to allow me
to make my initial outreach and
messaging
more relevant to them because let's face
it today
we are inundated with anywhere from
depending on what study you see
a couple hundred to a couple thousand
messages
per day of all types you know email in
mail
banner ads whatever and as a result
everybody has become professional
ignorers
feel free to tweet that one out we are
professional ignorers which means
that we have to we have to ignore most
of the messages that come our way
which ones are we going to pay attention
to we're going to pay attention to the
one
or the couple who are about or that are
about who
us the most important people in the
world because that's that's who we care
about
so if we see a message or hear a message
that's relevant
now we're gonna lean in a little bit and
say hmm
sounds like it this might be about me
sounds like there might be something
here for me
sounds like it might be relevant for
what i'm interested in
right now so how are we going to do that
well again we're going to do
online and offline research and again
this doesn't have to take a lot of time
i mean you can
you can really systematize your
intelligence gathering
so of course we're going to google we're
going to linkedin and
in my book we go through a number of
different ways to do this
and then also what we're doing sam is
this thing called social engineering
social engineering is simply
talking to people other than our
decision maker
for the purposes of gathering some sales
intelligence
so i might be talking to and again with
linkedin it's relatively easy to find
other names of people and that we
identify ourselves we give full
identification we ask for their help we
tell them that ultimately
like in my case i'll tell them hey i'm
going to be speaking to your vp of sales
and i want to make sure i'm prepared
when i do there's probably some
information you can help me with
so i'm asking this salesperson about
so and i would already know that they
prospect because i've got other ways i
can find that out
so i'm asking them questions about what
kind of training do you receive what
kind of quotas do you have what's the
morale there
uh how well are you doing it or do
people
enjoy doing it what's your success rate
and i'm finding things out that now
i can relate to the sales the vp of
sales
when i'm doing my outreach and my
messaging and
by the way it's not just the phone
because today we have multimedia
available to us so i'm a believer in
we we can use email we can use linkedin
in mail
we can use video for outreach as well
but what we're not doing there sam is
that we're
not just giving a pitch in the email
because we've all gotten those cold
emails or those
linkedin spam messages right all we're
trying to do is create some curiosity
so that we ultimately can engage
in a human conversation because let's
face it
people buy from people and the most
effective way to sell
is still humans talking to humans and
and i'm a big believer in digital
marketing and all those things because
i've made millions of dollars at doing
it
but again the most effective way to sell
is
like doing what we're doing right now
talking live and then when we can add
the video element that's even better
sure thing you mentioned an interesting
point just now so you said if we're
going for the decision maker and we want
to get intel before we actually strike
up a conversation with them be it on the
phone via email be it linkedin or any
other channel
um we go to someone perhaps that's not
quite high up so perhaps we're after a
vp of sales or maybe even the business
owner in a small organization
so you might go to one of the sales
execs or the sales managers
or someone a little bit lower down the
chain um but how what's the best way we
can actually approach them uh
without just saying tell me this or how
do i do this
and without them thinking that we're an
idiot and sounding silly and actually
approaching them in a professional way
where they're going to help us
at the same time we're going to be kind
of giving them value so we can work our
way in and have a better conversation
with the ultimate
decision maker yeah glad you asked
actually i'm going to add one more
person to that group and it's the person
that typically many people look at
as an adversary and some people call
them the
gatekeeper right or the screener well i
like to call them
the assistants because they they're the
buyer's assistant and they can be our
assistant as well
so i want to treat everybody as a buyer
and for the social engineering process
i actually have a process for this it's
several steps
number one okay that person answers the
phone and you introduce yourself
and your company hey art subject here
with business by phone step number two
the magic h word
i'm hoping that you can help me okay
because
i mean the word help is proven to set
off all kinds of emotions in somebody's
mind because most people
do want to help right so again i've
identified myself i ask for help
now i'm going to give what is called my
justification statement and this is also
proven to get more and better compliance
i mean people that study influence and
persuasion
uh dr robert cialdini covers it in his
book
the justification statement is giving
the reason why
you're going to be asking for
information as opposed to
just starting in with your questions
right so my justice
justification statement like in my case
would be hey i'm going to be speaking to
joe smith your vp of sales
i want to make sure i'm prepared when i
do okay so that's the justification
or it could be i want to make sure that
what i have is going to be relevant
and now again i'm providing a reason
doesn't need to be a great reason but
it's just a reason
and then i'll tell them what i'm going
to do so there's probably some
information you could help me with
now notice i'm not saying may i ask you
some questions because that in and of
itself is a question
so instead we let them know yeah there's
probably some information you could help
me with
pause uh so so tell me i understand you
guys do prospecting there
tell me what type of training that that
you receive now
got it okay so it's personalizing it
it's asking for that help
it's explaining why and then learning a
bit a bit more about what they're doing
now from the sounds of it up
exactly exactly and and something else
about the whole social engineering
process
and again there are hundreds of
thousands of sales reps doing this
successfully now if somebody is not
familiar with this
they've not heard of it before
objections i've heard from people like
that are
oh people don't want to answer questions
i mean people are busy
well the fact is if you go in with that
attitude you're never going to get the
information because you've already told
yourself you're not going to be
successful
go in with the attitude of of course
you'll get the information and you'll
never know unless you ask
and then here's another piece of advice
don't just ask for the
the easy factual stuff like oh um
when how does he or she want to be
contact i mean that's a good question
but get into the substance and the
qualitative information that you're
looking for because in some cases
you might actually be talking to an
influencer
and i i've had cases where i befriended
this person
they saw value in what i had they
actually made the introduction
along with a recommendation for me and
made it really easy
i've had decision makers say wow
whatever you did with my assistant you
need to be teaching to my salespeople
no they make sense it makes sense to get
all the intel you can before you
actually go to the ultimate decision
makers then you can leverage that
and personalize it when you're reaching
out to them so
in terms of when we actually are
connecting to the decision maker be it
over the phone be it perhaps on a cold
email be on a linkedin message
perhaps you could give us one or two
examples of maybe an email maybe a call
or a linkedin message out
of once we're connected to them any tips
on constructing that message
to make sure when we get a response and
two it's it's as positive as can be so
it's either we actually get the response
so we we know everywhere
if we can do some potential business and
two this gives us a good chance of
actually getting the meeting booked or
getting the demo booked whatever the end
goal is from from our prospecting
mission
right well the the key here is actually
there's there's a couple keys one is
again doing your research and by the way
i suggest that a
linkedin message or an email message is
very similar to the opening statement
messaging that i'm going to be using
once i get the decision maker on the
phone
which also should be similar to the
voicemail message people are always
worried about well how do i change up my
messages
it's like the biggest companies in the
world don't change their uh their
tagline or their slogan every day
right so i'm gonna go in with with my
big gun so
let's say that i i'll just use my
account
we'll just use a real example so i've
done my research
i i know that the vp of sales has
a quota here for new business for
2021 2020 has been pretty much shot
because of covid and their pipeline
is dry right now because their sales
people
don't know how to prospect and i found
these things out by
talking to salespeople and
maybe there were some blog posts or
linkedin messages
or maybe i saw them in a forum or a
group somewhere
so these are all places i can get that
information so
what i would put in a message is and by
the way
you can also send things in advance to
warm up a call matter of fact there's um
a friend of mine he's a famous author
and
wall street journal cartoonist his name
is stu heineck he has
do you know stu i don't i intend to get
on the show very soon though
awesome yeah so he he has he he's
actually coined a term for this and
written about it so it's called contact
marketing
and it's a great compliment to to
calling
and it's actually just sending something
in advance of of your
call and it could be an entire campaign
or it could be something as simple as
some lumpy mail or in my case i like to
send a copy of my book
and if you haven't written a book you
can send a copy of somebody else's book
and uh and it doesn't and it should not
again be a sales pitch
but what i'll do in in my case a good
message would simply be
i understand that you have a new
business quota for next year
and are looking for ways to prospect
conversationally
uh and effectively without rejection we
specialize in doing that have been doing
it for
over 30 years i've got a few ideas i'd
like to share with you
do you feel be worth a conversation or
do you feel it be
worth taking a look at and all i'm
trying to do here
is to create some curiosity i'm not
trying to give a pitch
i'm not saying i want to sell you
training all i want to do is get that
person to say
huh okay i wonder what it is sounds
interesting
um or and of course i would probably say
i'm the guy that sent you the book
and i want to keep it short and sweet
and i'm just looking for a very simple
response i mean when people try to give
a pitch in
in an email or in mail
normally people don't have time for that
and it just gets deleted
and then it also ruins any chance they
might have of getting through on the
phone
because they're going to remember that
initial messaging
which i'm kind of going on off on a
tangent here but
people say that if if
here's the numbers game mentality keep
keep sending the emails till you get a
response keep leaving the voicemails to
get a response
well the thing is is that bad messaging
does leave a mark and what it does
and i don't know if it's the same way
with you but if i get a bad message
from somebody and i instantly know that
i'm never going to want to speak with
them if i see that call coming in on
caller id
i'm i'm just going to let it go right
yeah yeah yeah i mean i completely agree
dude and what you said there
rings true with digital marketing too so
if you're sending out the bad message
constantly it kind of puts a bad mark
against your name so it's like
making the same cold call 100 times if
you're reaching out with a bad message
that's not personalized that brings no
value to the table
doesn't create curiosity then even if
you do it a hundred times yes one person
may feel sorry for you and may give you
the demo or may give you the meeting and
might not go anywhere but likewise if
you're if you're actually testing what
you're doing
and you're changing things you're
tweaking it each time to based on
feedback then eventually you're gonna
get better
much like with a digital marketing
campaign if you're running ads to the
same landing page for example you're not
getting any leads from that landing page
you need to tweak something you can't do
the same thing throwing mud at the wall
and hoping something will stick
obviously it's common sense and that's
that's a great point man
actually yeah i mean there's parallels
between sales is just a numbers game and
let's apply it to digital marketing so
if something's not working
what are we going to do let's go buy
more traffic
no no that's it it's got to be it's got
to be tested it's got to be optimized
just like a sales process
cool man so with them there's a lot
changing as we know you've had a global
pandemic with so much change everything
moving virtually moving to zoom calls
online calls um email rather than
face-to-face meetings
um what can we do as sales professionals
marketers or business owners
to make sure that ourselves are
consistent that we're still hitting
targets
even though so much has changed in the
way we do things right now what
well what what really hasn't changed are
are humans and motivators
right because people still are going to
be buying
for the the main reasons that they
typically buy
right they they want something they want
some change they want to they want to
fill a gap
or they want to avoid some type of
displeasure or pain
losing money all those things and if if
we're not starting with that
as a salesperson i mean all these other
forms of
i mean just i mean the phone video
texting digital marketing these are all
just forms of
communication right what still matters
what has
always mattered is the messaging and if
we don't have good messaging
and if we're not making it all about
that person
and what they might want and if we're
not talking to them individually
i mean it doesn't matter what form of
communication we're using
and we we spoke about this before we
went live here
but it's interesting particularly in
digital marketing i mean so many people
are they're thinking that some of these
gurus that are out there now
invented this stuff well i was using
all of this and we called it direct
response marketing
back in the day way back before there
there was an internet
in direct mail doing lead generation
these things called lead magnets i mean
i
i would i put out a free booklet of 29
sales tips back in the
in the late 80s and i would advertise
in trade publications i would write
articles and then people would call or
mail in and say hey i want your free
i want your free booklet great so we
just generated a lead with that lead
magnet there and then would follow up by
phone and mail
geez kind of sounds like uh sounds like
this new thing
this internet marketing thing it's not
far off really is it's not far off in
terms of the process in terms of the
follow-up and all that kind of stuff
it's uh it's a similar kind of thing
um something we've not really covered
actually uh is
as we're saying obviously face-to-face
is off the table for for many of us
um in areas that have been hit now in
terms of video conferencing video calls
be it zoom via skype be at google
hangouts whatever the heck you do your
video conferencing on
have you got any tips or anything that's
worked for you uh in terms of being able
to build rapport with your prospects
being able to still have quality
conversations like we did when we're
face to face
and avoid the kind of awkwardness of
video
well several things one is i
i am a proponent of video sending out
personalized video in in emails there
are several different platforms
you can do that with because now what
we're doing
is we're attaching a human to
another form of communication which of
course is the the digital text form of
communication so so that's one way
video communication as far as what we're
doing right now obviously we're doing
this live some people are watching the
recording
uh most people i'll say most over 50
percent
hadn't done this before regularly and
now
many are forced to do it so there's
going to be
a um there's a push back i mean i've
seen it over the last several months and
i mean we've all seen the awkward people
on on video i mean it's not rocket
science there's no
there's no secret sauce here other than
how do you get good at anything well go
collect information on people that are
already doing this well i don't claim to
be the expert
in how to present yourself on video i've
certainly studied it
and think i'd do it okay but there are
people that that are experts on it i
mean you can find it by just simply
googling them uh and then of course
there are many
who who now claim to be the expert in
that so pick and choose carefully just
because you see it on the internet
doesn't necessarily mean it's right
but collect information study
and then practice because again this is
a
performance sport selling has always
been a performance sport
so now in addition to our words
we we have the visual aspect of it so
there's all kinds of information today
available on that
practice i would suggest you practice
recording yourself
and just like i've suggested for years
we should be recording our phone calls
and recording what we're saying and then
reviewing it
and then rinse and repeat that's how we
get better
at anything and have have an open mind
and have the right attitude about it
don't say oh i'm not good on video or i
don't look good on
camera because it's who you are
right if you say i don't look good on
camera you're basically saying
i don't look good in person so
all it is is a camera right so get used
to
talking to to the other person then
there's all kinds of other tips of
course with lighting and background and
all that
so go out and seek that information get
good at it because that's how you're
going to be better than your competitor
because we're all being forced to do
this now and if you're being forced to
do it
why not do it to the why not do it and
be excellent at it
makes sense man a lot of what you said
it sounds like it comes down to mindsets
like you say if you think you're you're
not going to be great at something the
chances are you're going to be in that
poor mindset
and not be as good as if you if you were
positive at the time and then a lot of
the points we've covered in terms of
calls in terms of your messaging comes
down to having a
a process refining what you're putting
out there so if something's not working
fine tuning it reviewing what you're
doing and then optimizing it which is
yeah many of the fundamentals of digital
marketing so
it's interesting that we're having this
conversation so yeah really really
appreciate the chat art
um in terms of your own business is
there a specific digital marketing
channel that you've had success with
that you'd recommend that anyone tuning
in taps into or multiple channels that
you
you'd recommend that you've had success
with as well as calling of course
well i it's funny because i originally
built my business
doing direct response marketing years
ago
i've had a a a monthly subscription
newsletter
for years and what what happened was
when with with the advent of the again
when the internet i don't
i don't want to sound like the crotch
deal guys say when i when i walked
uphill both ways in the snow
barefoot to school but when the internet
came out i
thought okay well i i can see how i need
to transfer
a lot of what i'm doing to to digital
so over the years i've done just about
everything there
is i've studied all the gurus and
today i have quite a following um online
so i don't have to do
as much lead generation although i have
many different
outlets for that so i have a number of
lead magnets
um matter of fact i'll share one here if
if you don't mind and it's very helpful
for people it's the entire smart calling
process in a fill in the blanks
template and it's free and it comes with
a video
and people can get that at phone scripts
phone scripts dot com and
uh so so there you'll actually see an
example of what we're doing
here and i've always been a big believer
in giving away
tons of content because if people
are going to sample your content and
they're going to get value
obviously a certain percentage of them
are going to want more uh
many won't which is fine that's okay
because
i'm all i'm i'm here i'm on a mission to
to help salespeople
and if you want more we have that
available ranging from a couple bucks up
to
you know lots of lots of money but of
course
we exchange money for for value um
so and and i i mean
i'm kind of all over the place with your
answer here because i have
i have done almost everything i've got i
do live webinars we've got automated
webinars
i've done the the whole ask method i
have that
out there where we're doing surveys and
sending people to different
uh landing pages based on their answers
to to the questions
so i've invested a lot of money over the
years studying and
and one way to ensure
that you're going to be successful is to
learn something new
every day and if anybody ever thinks
that
they've got it mastered that's when you
start going downhill
i mean look behind me i've got and this
is only just a fraction of the books
that that i have and what's cool about
that is that i can go back to any of
those even though i read them at one
point
and get something new out of any one of
them because what has changed is
a frame of reference right we have new
experiences
yeah and you've raised some some great
points there um and i love that you've
tried a whole bunch of different digital
marketing channels over the years
sometimes that's the only way to to know
what works because if you're not testing
things if you're not testing platforms
you're never going to know what
what's actually going to get you leads
what's going to get you inbound business
and sales with if you don't try out
and the other point you raised about not
being afraid to give away content
is awesome um because that's how we get
a lot of our inbound inquiries through
webchoice by the content that we put out
each and every day on linkedin
through our blogs through video calls
through podcasts and through many many
other channels
so i think that's something that
sometimes people are afraid to
get stuck into so just start um putting
out tips
putting out information that your
customers have asked you answering
questions putting together
useful video content as it's certainly
the way forward and it's just another
stream to
start getting idle customers your way i
really appreciate your time man everyone
you've been tuning in to sam's business
growth show
where we sit down with business leaders
experts and entrepreneurs from around
the globe we find out their story
how digital marketing's happened along
the way and exclusive tips and insights
to help you skyrocket your skills
and skyrocket your business we like to
ask everyone that comes on
if you could thank just one person if
you're dead or alive having a positive
influence on yourself and your career
who would that be and why that's that's
interesting i
would say that probably the person who
has had the biggest
influence in my business would be
dan kennedy okay you're familiar with
dan
i'm not well dan dan kennedy
is arguably probably the the top
marketing
guru in perhaps the world
and he's been around a long time and uh
dan was recently sick we almost lost him
but uh he's he's coming back and
and still working but dan has been in
the direct response
marketing business for 30 plus years
and i actually know dan way back in the
day he
actually gave away some of my books to
his mastermind group but
i've been a student of his for for years
and uh i would say his material is
is the best there is and matter of fact
many of the people out there now who are
marketing gurus and consultants
including digital marketers
um are using much of dan's methodology
awesome man good person to reference
good stuff um well
tell us a bit more about how people can
connect with you how people can learn
from you
and the best way to get in touch and
perhaps a bit more about your books
sure sure well again if you're looking
for an easy way to
make a prospecting call i would get
that template and the free video go to
phonescripts.com
my blog site which can also send you
to all my other sites is simply
smartcalling.com
smartcalling.com so you can get a lot of
free
tips and information there you can
contact me there you can learn about my
training
i also have a podcast which is the
artoofsales.com
theartofsales.com and we make that
mostly how to
based so we we have a guest about every
fifth or sixth show or so but uh mostly
it's it's sales tips techniques and
processes so you're going to learn
something on on every show
thanks man we really appreciate you
coming on up thank you so much for
having me this is a pleasure
cheers dude and if you enjoyed the show
be sure to hit subscribe on your podcast
channel of choice
or on youtube sam's business growth show
where we interview tons of business
leaders sales experts and marketing
experts
each and every week thanks so much for
tuning in are you tired of constantly
hunting for new customers
you could be missing out on regular
inbound opportunities all because
your website isn't on the first page of
google
perhaps you're already spending lots of
money on advertising but your website is
failing to convert
all of your hard-earned visitors into a
consistent flow
of new customers if you'd like to learn
more about our unusual approach
that brings idle clients straight to you
connect with sam dunning on linkedin
or book a free 20-minute consultation
via webchoiceuk.com
that's webchoiceuk.com
subscribe today for more digital
marketing sales and business growth tips
from the experts